# DevOps Deployment of Simple Data Analytics Pipeline in Cloud -hosted Container Cluster

You will repeat what you did in Assignment #1 and reuse substantial parts of your Assignment #2 but this time instead of Zookeeper, Kafka, CouchDB and consumer.py installed in the Cloud VM directly, these will run inside their own Docker containers. Since Kafka will now be inside containers, we could even spawn say 5 Kafka brokers: say 2 on one VM while 3 on another VM. ZooKeeper and CouchDB will be only one instance each running on one of the cloud VMs inside their own containers. By reusing significant parts of Assignment #2, you will be able to reuse Vagrant VM and Cloud VM creation playbooks already with you. You will need to extend the playbooks to now include installation of Docker and container cluster management framework such as Kubernetes. Since all these containers have to be managed as a cluster, you will need to use a cluster management software. For that you can have the choice of Swarm or Kubernetes with the latter more widely used and hence preferable. Docker compose may also be helpful. 

# Data collection
As you are doing this assignment, although I have provided scaffolding code and slides to help you get started, there will still be enough learning curve, and trial/error. Please keep track of the effort in the learning curve and trial/error to get the scripts right or some of the Docker/Kubernetes manual steps and how much automation did you achieve.  My hope is that we can reuse entire Assignment 3 for Assignment 4 in which you can automate the parts that you did manually in Assignment #3.
